<div data-v-5e9078c0=""><h1 data-v-5e9078c0="">Top 75 UX Design interview
    questions and answers in 2021.</h1> <p data-v-5e9078c0="">
      You can check all
      75
      UX Design interview questions here 👉
      https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions
    </p> <br data-v-5e9078c0=""> <div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 1. Name some basic design elements</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>The elements of design are:</p><ul><li><strong>LINE</strong> – The linear marks made with a pen or brush or the edge created when two shapes meet.</li><li><strong>SHAPE</strong> – A shape is a self contained defined area of geometric (squares and circles), or organic (free formed shapes or natural shapes). A positive shape automatically creates a negative shape.</li><li><strong>DIRECTION</strong> – All lines have direction – Horizontal, Vertical or Oblique. Horizontal suggests calmness, stability and tranquillity. Vertical gives a feeling of balance, formality and alertness. Oblique suggests movement and action</li><li><strong>SIZE</strong> – Size is simply the relationship of the area occupied by one shape to that of another.</li><li><strong>TEXTURE</strong> – Texture is the surface quality of a shape – rough, smooth, soft hard glossy etc.</li><li><strong>COLOUR</strong> – Colour is light reflected off objects. Color has three main characteristics: hue or its name (red, green, blue, etc.), value (how light or dark it is), and intensity (how bright or dull it is).</li></ul><p></p><div><div><div><div></div></div></div></div><p></p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="http://www.j6design.com.au/6-principles-of-design/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="Name some basic design elements Interview Questions Source To Answer">j6design.com.au</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 2. What is user experience (UX) research?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>User Experience (UX) research is the process of discovering the behaviors, motivations and needs of your customers through observation, task analysis, and other types of user feedback. Understand the user experience for new products, websites, mobile apps and prototypes.
UX research helps brands and organisations accomplish the following:</p><ul><li>Understand the user experience for new products, websites, mobile apps and prototypes</li><li>Make informed decisions through the product development process by testing various aspects of product designs</li><li>Discover, optimise and evaluate the genuine user experience</li><li>Understand each user interaction prior to conversion</li><li>Nail the design and experience early in a product’s life cycle</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.qualtrics.com/market-research/user-experience-research/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is user experience (UX) research? Interview Questions Source To Answer">qualtrics.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 3. What are user research methods?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>There are two main types of user research: quantitative (statistics: can be calculated and computed; focuses on numbers and mathematical calculations) and qualitative (insights: concerned with descriptions, which can be observed but cannot be computed).</p><p><strong>Quantitative research</strong> is primarily exploratory research and is used to quantify the problem by way of generating numerical data or data that can be transformed into usable statistics. Some common data collection methods include various forms of surveys – online surveys, paper surveys, mobile surveys and kiosk surveys, longitudinal studies, website interceptors, online polls, and systematic observations.</p><p><strong>Qualitative user research</strong> is a direct assessment of behavior based on observation. It’s about understanding people’s beliefs and practices on their terms. It can involve several different methods including contextual observation, ethnographic studies, interviews, field studies, and moderated usability tests.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.toptal.com/designers/user-research/guide-to-ux-research-methods" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are user research methods? Interview Questions Source To Answer">toptal.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 4. What are the top UX research methods and when to use them?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Here are some examples of the types of user research performed at each phase of a project.</p><ul><li><p>Card Sorting: Allows users to group and sort a site’s information into a logical structure that will typically drive navigation and the site’s information architecture. This helps ensure that the site structure matches the way users think.</p></li><li><p>Contextual Interviews: Enables the observation of users in their natural environment, giving you a better understanding of the way users work.</p></li><li><p>First Click Testing: A testing method focused on navigation, which can be performed on a functioning website, a prototype, or a wireframe.</p></li><li><p>Focus Groups: Moderated discussion with a group of users, allowing insight into user attitudes, ideas, and desires.</p></li><li><p>Heuristic Evaluation/Expert Review: A group of usability experts evaluating a website against a list of established guidelines.</p></li><li><p>Interviews: One-on-one discussions with users show how a particular user works. They enable you to get detailed information about a user’s attitudes, desires, and experiences.</p></li><li><p>Parallel Design: A design methodology that involves several designers pursuing the same effort simultaneously but independently, with the intention to combine the best aspects of each for the ultimate solution.</p></li><li><p>Personas: The creation of a representative user based on available data and user interviews. Though the personal details of the persona may be fictional, the information used to create the user type is not.</p></li><li><p>Prototyping: Allows the design team to explore ideas before implementing them by creating a mock-up of the site. A prototype can range from a paper mock-up to interactive HTML pages.</p></li><li><p>Surveys: A series of questions asked to multiple users of your website that help you learn about the people who visit your site.</p></li><li><p>System Usability Scale (SUS): SUS is a technology-independent ten-item scale for subjective evaluation of the usability.</p></li><li><p>Task Analysis: Involves learning about user goals, including what users want to do on your website, and helps you understand the tasks that users will perform on your site.</p></li><li><p>Usability Testing: Identifies user frustrations and problems with a site through one-on-one sessions where a “real-life” user performs tasks on the site being studied.</p></li><li><p>Use Cases: Provide a description of how users use a particular feature of your website. They provide a detailed look at how users interact with the site, including the steps users take to accomplish each task.</p></li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.toptal.com/designers/user-research/guide-to-ux-research-methods" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title=" What are  the top UX research methods and when to use them? Interview Questions Source To Answer">toptal.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 5. What are the most popular usability methods?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>UX researchers have developed many techniques over the years for testing and validating product hypothesis and particular design decisions. The methods range from well-known lab-based usability studies to those that have been more recently developed. In this article, we will explore seven different usability testing methods when you should use them and why.Before you pick a particular testing method, you should have a clear understanding of your target audience, available resources (time and money), and research objectives. This information not only will help you select the relevant testing method but also adjust the questions and tasks for your test participants:</p><ul><li><strong>Guerilla testing</strong> is the simplest form of usability testing. Basically, guerrilla testing means going into a public place such as a coffee shop to ask people about your prototype. Test participants are chosen randomly.Guerilla testing works best in the early stages of the product development process.</li><li><strong>Unmoderated remote usability testing</strong> occurs remotely without a moderator. It offers quick, robust, and inexpensive user testing results to be used for further analysis. Test participants are asked to complete tasks in their own environment using their own devices and without a moderator present, which leads to the product being used naturally. The cost of unmoderated testing is lower; however, this type of testing offers less detailed testing results. Unmoderated remote usability testing works the best when you need to obtain a large sample to prove critical findings from your initial moderated research.</li><li><strong>Contextual inquiry</strong> is less a usability testing method and more like an interview/observation method that helps a product team obtain information about the user experience from the real users.This technique is useful for getting rich information about users— their workspace, personal preferences, and habits.</li><li><strong>Card sorting</strong> is an excellent method for prioritizing content and features in user interface. The technique is relatively simple—all you need to do is place concepts (content, features) on cards and allow test participants to manipulate the cards into groups and categories.Card sorting is great when you want to optimize your product’s information architecture.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://xd.adobe.com/ideas/process/user-testing/top-7-usability-testing-methods/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the most popular usability methods? Interview Questions Source To Answer">xd.adobe.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 6. What is usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Usability testing is a method used to evaluate how easy a website is to use. The tests take place with real users to measure how ‘usable’ or ‘intuitive’ a website is and how easy it is for users to reach their goals.The key difference between usability testing and traditional testing (bug testing, acceptance testing etc.) is that usability testing takes place with actual users or customers of the product. Whilst traditional testing might be undertaken by a developer, designer or project manager, usability testing removes any bias by collecting feedback direct from the end user.</p><p>Usability testing can be used in a variety of ways during your project lifecycle. Despite not being able to mimic real life usage, usability testing is still the best method of ensuring your website supports users in achieving their goals quickly and easily. When businesses meet the needs and expectations of their users, they are more likely to develop a successful service.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.experienceux.co.uk/faqs/what-is-usability-testing/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">experienceux.co.uk</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 7. What are the advantages and disadvantages of usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>There are many <strong>advantages</strong> of usability testing including:</p><ul><li>feedback direct from the target audience to focus the project team</li><li>internal debates can be resolved by testing the issue to see how users react to the different options being discussed</li><li>issues and potential problems are highlighted before the product is launched</li></ul><p>The business advantages of usability testing can be seen at the end of the project:</p><ul><li>it increases the likelihood of usage and repeat usage</li><li>it minimises the risk of the product failing</li><li><p>users are better able to reach their goals, which results in the business meeting its targets</p><p><strong>Disadvantages</strong>.Usability testing provides many benefits, but there are a few disadvantages in using this methodology, which should be noted. Firstly, testing is not 100% representative of the real life scenario, e.g. a mother will not have her two young children running around like she might have at home. Also, usability testing is mainly qualitative, so does not provide the large samples of feedback that a questionnaire might, but the feedback can be far more accurate and insightful.</p></li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.experienceux.co.uk/faqs/what-is-usability-testing/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the advantages and disadvantages of usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">experienceux.co.uk</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 8. What are the different types of usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>There are a few different types of usability testing or reasons to conduct usability research:</p><ul><li><p><strong>Comparative Usability Testing</strong>. Used to compare the usability of one website with another. Comparative tests are commonly used to compare a website against peer or competitor sites, however it can also be used to compare two designs to establish which provides the best user experience.</p></li><li><p><strong>Explorative Usability Testing</strong>. Before a new product is released, explorative usability testing can establish what content and functionality a new product should include to meet the needs of its users. Users test a range of different services where they are given realistic scenarios to complete which helps to highlight any gaps in the market that can be taken advantage of and illustrate where to focus design effort.</p></li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.experienceux.co.uk/faqs/what-is-usability-testing/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the different types of usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">experienceux.co.uk</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 9. What is the prototyping process?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Prototyping is the 4th step of the design thinking process.Before you determine how you should go about the prototyping process, you have to have identified the users, defined their problem, and brainstormed and selected a proper solution in the form of a product or service.
Listed below are the steps in the prototyping methodology:</p><ul><li><p><strong>Identify Obstacles</strong> .Start by brainstorming with your team to identify any obstacles that may delay or block your prototyping or product designing process. Having these identified prior to designing will allow you to take precautions.  </p></li><li><p><strong>Select the Features</strong>.You prototype won’t be able to represent all the product features, therefore you might want to select the key features that will help you gather as much feedback from the user as possible.</p></li><li><p><strong>Sketch Your Design</strong> .You can do this on a piece of paper or a diagramming tool like Creately which provides complete libraries for wireframes, UI mockups, flowcharts, mind maps etc.</p></li><li><p><strong>Share Your Design</strong> .Share your design with partners, stakeholders etc. Ask for their feedback and mark where you need to make modifications to the design based on their requirements.  </p></li><li><p><strong>Continue to Develop</strong> .Apply changes and develop your prototype by adding more features. Once it’s ready, you can share it with your stakeholders, partners, users etc. again for their feedback.</p></li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://creately.com/blog/diagrams/what-is-prototyping-techniques-process/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is the prototyping process? Interview Questions Source To Answer">creately.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 10. The importance of prototyping in designing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>The prototype is an important draft design that precedes the development of the original design layout. It is intended not only to show the structure of the future site, but also the site map, the interrelation of its main pages. Prototyping is a process designed to significantly reduce the time to develop a site, due to the focus of the designer on the main functional and marketing factors:</p><ul><li>The prototype gives the customer a complete idea of ​​how the site will look like in the final result;</li><li>Prototyping allows you to streamline the design development process, focusing on important interface elements;</li><li>A site’s sketch is an irreplaceable thing if the client still does not fully understand what he expects from the site, what functions each page will carry. Careful planning at the prototyping stage makes it possible to avoid global changes in the finished layout;</li><li>At the prototyping stage, it is possible to identify unnecessary elements that are best abandoned;</li><li>This process significantly reduces the workload of the designer in developing the project, and thus saves the customer’s money;</li><li>Having a prototype in hand, the designer and customer more clearly represent the final result;</li><li>Prototype development involves the involvement of the customer, contributes to more productive work, process consistency.</li></ul><p>Having a prototype makes it easier to understand the tasks for each team member. It gives them the opportunity to do more realistic planning of development deadlines and more accurately determine the cost of work. Website development in strict accordance with the prototype allows not taking into account the cost of changes and modifications.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://uxdesign.cc/importance-of-prototyping-in-designing-7287c7035a0d" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="The importance of prototyping in designing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">uxdesign.cc</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 11. What are the types of prototypes?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>A prototype is a basic working model, mock-up or a simple simulation of the product which leads us to create a minimal viable product to final product and variations. The main reason for prototyping is to validate the idea and this is the step in converting an idea to a real product. A prototype could be a working model, representational (non-working) model, miniature or a scale model, video or a photo demonstration based on the factors like a problem to be solved, the mandate of the end customer. A prototype can be in the following forms paper, 3D printing, digital, small model or limited usage product.Here a prototype is made using video just to show others the idea in a graphical/visual format:</p><ul><li>Feasibility Prototype</li><li>Horizontal Prototype</li><li>Rapid Prototyp</li><li>Simulations</li><li>Storyboard</li><li>Vertical Prototype</li><li>Wireframe</li><li>Animations</li><li>Mock-up</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/308724" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the types of prototypes? Interview Questions Source To Answer">entrepreneur.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 12. What is prototyping in design?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div class="mb-2"><span class="h5">Problem</span></div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>A prototype is an early sample, model or release of a product created to test a concept or process. Typically, a prototype is used to evaluate a new design to improve the accuracy of analysts and system users. It is the step between the formalization and the evaluation of an idea.
Prototypes are a crucial part of the design process and a practice used in all design disciplines. From architects, engineers, industrial designers and even service designers, they make their prototypes to test their designs before investing in their mass production.
The purpose of a prototype is to have a tangible model of the solutions to the problems already defined and discussed by the designers during the concept/idea stage. Instead of going through the entire design cycle based on a supposed solution, prototypes allow designers to validate their concepts by putting an early version of the solution in front of real users and collecting feedback as quickly as possible.</p></div></div><div class="row text-center"><div class="col-12"><span class="text-muted dashed">This is open-ended question. Reference to your experience to provide a relevant answer.</span></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://medium.com/nyc-design/what-is-a-prototype-924ff9400cfd" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is prototyping in design? Interview Questions Source To Answer">medium.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 13. What is Interaction Design?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Interaction designers, focus on digital products and interactive software design. <strong>Interaction design</strong> helps humans experience or manipulate software or interface with screen-based hardware in order to achieve specific goals — checking email, withdrawing money from an ATM, or “Liking” a webpage.</p><p>Interaction design is heavily focused on satisfying the needs and desires 
of the people who will use the product.</p><p>Interaction design can be broken down into two parts or the same whole</p><ul><li><strong>UI Design</strong> — User interface design</li><li><strong>UX Design</strong> — User experience design</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://uxplanet.org/how-to-start-your-design-career-in-2018-9c56a9203329" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is Interaction Design? Interview Questions Source To Answer">uxplanet.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 14. What is User Research?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>User research is conducted so as to understand users’ characteristics, aims, and behaviors towards achieving these aims. Its purpose is to produce designs that improve their working practices and lives. User research also involves the continuous evaluation of the impact of designs on the users, not only during the design and development phase but after long-term use, too.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/user-research" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is User Research? Interview Questions Source To Answer">interaction-design.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 15. What is Graphic Design?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p><strong>Graphic designers</strong> work with graphical images, whether they be illustrations, typography, or images, and on a variety of media including print and web. Graphic design is typically rendered in 2D — printed on a physical surface or displayed on a screen but not limited to 2D.</p><p>As a graphic designer, you can specialize in the following</p><ul><li>Logo design</li><li>Brand design</li><li>Print Designer</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://uxplanet.org/how-to-start-your-design-career-in-2018-9c56a9203329" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is Graphic Design? Interview Questions Source To Answer">uxplanet.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 16. What is User Centered Design?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p><strong>User-centered design</strong> is an iterative design process in which designers focus on the users and their needs in each phase of the design process. UCD calls for involving users throughout the design process via a variety of research and design techniques so as to create highly usable and accessible products for them.</p><p>User-centered design demands that designers employ a mixture of <em>investigative</em> (e.g., surveys and interviews) and <em>generative</em> (e.g., brainstorming) methods and tools to develop an understanding of user needs.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/user-centered-design" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is User Centered Design? Interview Questions Source To Answer">interaction-design.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 17. Describe what User Interface (UI) Design does mean for you?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p><strong>User Interface (UI) design</strong> is the design of software or websites with the focus on the user’s experience and interaction. The goal of user interface design is to make the user’s interaction as simple and efficient as possible. Good user interface design puts emphasis on <em>goals</em> and <em>completing tasks</em>, and good UI design never draws more attention to itself than enforcing user goals.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://uxplanet.org/how-to-start-your-design-career-in-2018-9c56a9203329" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="Describe what User Interface (UI) Design does mean for you? Interview Questions Source To Answer">uxplanet.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 18. Is UX design UI design? What’s the difference?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>User interface (UI) design is not the same as UX design. A seasoned UX design pro understands the vital difference and is able to articulate it clearly. Designing for the user interface often plays an important role in the work of a UX designer, but it is not the only function.</p><p>Whereas UI design is concerned with the effective layout of visual elements on a user interface, UX design is ‘people first.’ It’s about what motivates them—how they think and behave.</p><p>A great UX designer should be able to demonstrate knowledge describing the differences, in particular how UI design is only one slice of the UX design process ‘pie’, and only one of many different disciplines that reside under the UX banner. These include, but are not limited to: a user-centered design strategy, core user demographic definition, persona creation, user research, information architecture, content strategy, interaction design, visual design and usability testing.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.toptal.com/designers/ux/interview-questions" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="Is UX design UI design? What’s the difference? Interview Questions Source To Answer">toptal.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 19. Name some UX Design tools you prefer to work with</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Just to name a few: </p><ul><li>Adobe XD, </li><li>Figma,</li><li>Invision studio</li><li>Sketch</li><li>Balsamiq</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://uxplanet.org/how-to-start-your-design-career-in-2018-9c56a9203329" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="Name some UX Design tools you prefer to work with Interview Questions Source To Answer">uxplanet.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 20. What are the 4 types of research methods?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Data may be grouped into four main types based on methods for collection: observational, experimental, simulation, and derived. The type of research data you collect may affect the way you manage that data. For example, data that is hard or impossible to replace (e.g. the recording of an event at a specific time and place) requires extra backup procedures to reduce the risk of data loss. Or, if you will need to combine data points from different sources, you will need to follow best practices to prevent data corruption:</p><ul><li><strong>Observational Data</strong>.Observational data are captured through observation of a behavior or activity.</li><li><strong>Experimental data</strong> are collected through active intervention by the researcher to produce and measure change or to create difference when a variable is altered.</li><li><strong>Simulation Data</strong> are generated by imitating the operation of a real-world process or system over time using computer test models.</li><li><strong>Derived data</strong> involves using existing data points, often from different data sources, to create new data through some sort of transformation, such as an arithmetic formula or aggregation.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://libguides.macalester.edu/c.php?g=527786/&amp;p=3608643" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the 4 types of research methods? Interview Questions Source To Answer">libguides.macalester.edu</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 21. Why do you do user research?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>User research helps us to understand how people go about performing tasks and achieving goals that are important to them. User research focuses on understanding user expectations, behaviors, needs, and motivations through methodical, investigative approaches.It helps us identify unarticulated needs and to fill in any gaps in our knowledge about our users, context of use, challenges, and opportunities. It also helps us to align our product and business strategy with the core needs and goals of our users.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://medium.com/design-ibm/the-vital-role-of-user-research-8c2f51a9cead" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="Why do you do user research? Interview Questions Source To Answer">medium.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 22. How to conduct UX research with usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Usability testing can be broken down into a few major steps:</p><ul><li>Identify what needs to be tested and why (e.g. a new product, feature, etc.)</li><li>Identify the target audience (or your desired customers).</li><li>Create a list of tasks for the participants to work through.</li><li>Recruit the right participants for the test.</li><li>Involve the right stakeholders.</li><li>Apply what you learn.</li></ul><p>One of usability’s most hard-earned lessons is that ‘you are not the user.’ If you work on a development project, you’re atypical by definition. Design to optimize the user experience for outsiders, not insiders.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href=" https://careerfoundry.com/en/blog/ux-design/how-to-conduct-user-experience-research-like-a-professional/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="How to conduct UX research with usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">careerfoundry.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 23. What is the role of research in the UX design process?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>UX research is the starting point for a project. Research helps us learn about the users and their behavior, goals, motivations, and needs. It also shows us how they currently navigate a system, where they have problems and, most importantly, how they feel when interacting with our product.</p><p>UX research comes first in the UX design process because without it, our work can only be based on our own experiences and assumptions, which is not objective. As Neil Turner, founder of UX for the Masses told us, a good foundation is key to successful design:</p><p>“Good user research is key to designing a great user experience. Designing without good user research is like building a house without solid foundations—your design will soon start to crumble and eventually fall apart.”</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://careerfoundry.com/en/blog/ux-design/how-to-conduct-user-experience-research-like-a-professional/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is the role of research in the UX design process? Interview Questions Source To Answer">careerfoundry.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 24. What are key principles of good website usability?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Here are 5 key principles of good website usability:</p><ul><li><strong>Availability and Accessibility</strong>. Let’s start with a basic, yet central aspect of usability: the availability and accessibility of your site. If people try to access your website and it doesn’t work — for whatever reason –your website becomes worthless.</li><li><strong>Clarity</strong>. If you distract or confuse your visitors, they will either need more time to find what they came for, or they might forget their initial goal all together.It is your job to help them reach these goals as quickly as possible. If you can manage to do that, your visitors will be pleased and you have laid the groundwork for a positive experience.</li><li><strong>Learnability</strong>. It should be your goal to design intuitive interfaces — interfaces that don’t require instructions, or even a long process of trial and error to figure them out. Key to intuitive design is to make use of what people already know, or create something new that is easy to learn.</li><li><strong>Credibility</strong>.It is important that people know you are a real company with real people. Offer a clear “About Us” page together with your contact details and if possible a physical address.</li><li><strong>Relevancy</strong>.It is not enough that your website is clear, your content must also be relevant. Again, it is essential that you know your users and why they visit your site.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.crazyegg.com/blog/principles-website-usability/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are key principles of good website usability? Interview Questions Source To Answer">crazyegg.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 25. What’s the difference between A/B testing and usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Many UX specialists consider A/B testing as a usability testing method. It’s vital to understand that usability is all about having individuals experience a product’s functionality. And as we know, A/B testing is about experimenting with two or more versions of a page/screen to see which is most effective. The goal of A/B testing is to find the page that will convert better, while the purpose of usability testing is finding usability issues that prevent users from having great user experience.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.isixsigma.com/tools-templates/kano-analysis/kano-analysis-customer-needs-are-ever-changing/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What’s the difference between A/B testing and usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">isixsigma.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 26. How do you write usability tasks?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Whether you're new usability testing or want to improve your know-how, we want to share with you our best tips for creating usability tasks. Tasks are the backbone of usability testing:</p><ul><li><strong>Define user goals</strong>.Before you conduct usability testing, and preferably before you design anything—you should always start by understanding your users' goals. If you define user goals from the start, it will help you draft tasks for usability testing.</li><li><strong>Start with a simple task</strong>.For users to become accustomed to the testing experience and your product, start your test with one simple task.</li><li><strong>Give users one task at a time</strong>.Avoid grouping tasks together—this will create lengthy and complicated instructions, and users will have to be reminded about what they have to do. Split tasks up to create the focus on a single 'to-do' activity for your users.</li><li><strong>Follow your design's flow</strong>.When a new user arrives on your website, they do certain actions first, e.g., sign up or log in. To create a realistic user test, follow the same flow users take in your live website or product.</li><li><strong>Make tasks actionable</strong>.The premise of usability testing is to learn if users can complete tasks using your product. For this, you have to create similar tasks to those users do in real life in your app or website.</li><li><strong>Set a scenario</strong>. Such a description gives users the task (purchase plane tickets) while being clear on why they need to do it (holidays are coming up). This scenario also shares the details they need to know to be able to complete the task.</li><li><strong>Avoid giving precise instructions</strong>.One of the most important rules for writing usability tasks is to avoid giving precise instructions for completing the tasks or using leading words in your phrasing.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://blog.maze.design/write-great-usability-tasks/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="How do you write usability tasks? Interview Questions Source To Answer">blog.maze.design</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 27. What you have to consider when budgeting for usability testing?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Remember to budget for more than one usability test. Building usability into a Web site (or any product) is an iterative process.   Consider these elements when budgeting for usability testing:</p><ul><li><strong>Time</strong>:  You will need time to plan the usability test. It will take the usability specialist and the team time to become familiar with the site and pilot test the test scenarios. Be sure to budget in time for this test prep as well as running tests, analyzing the data, writing the report, and presenting the findings.</li><li><strong>Recruiting Costs</strong>:  Consider how or where you will recruit your participants.  You will either need to allow for staff time to recruit or engage a recruiting firm to schedule participants for you based on the requirements.</li><li><strong>Participant Compensation</strong>: If you will be compensating participants for their time or travel, factor that into your testing budget. </li><li><strong>Rental Costs</strong>:  If you do not have monitoring or recording equipment, you will need to budget for rental costs for the lab or other equipment. You may also need to secure a location for testing, a conference room for example, so consider this as well.</li></ul><p>It’s important to keep in mind that usability testing is not just a milestone to be checked off on the project schedule. The team should have a goal for why they are testing and then implement the results.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.usability.gov/how-to-and-tools/methods/usability-testing.html" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title=" What you have to consider  when budgeting for usability testing? Interview Questions Source To Answer">usability.gov</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 28. What is extreme prototyping</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Extreme Prototyping is employed mainly for web applications and usually in three phases:</p><ul><li>Static HTML/CSS/JS is created — this gives users an instant tangible feel for the product.</li><li>Thereafter, the service layer is simulated — this includes business rules and logic.</li><li><p>Lastly, the actual service layer is developed — this involves integrating with real-world systems and plugging that into the front end HTML/CSS/JS views.</p></li></ul><p>This gives users an early view of the application without having actual functionality behind it. The backend will gradually come together as the process moves along.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/to-prototype-or-not-to-prototype-that-is-the-question-2f85c8cde2b/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What is extreme prototyping Interview Questions Source To Answer">freecodecamp.org</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 29. When should prototyping be used?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><ul><li>Prototype model should be used when the desired system needs to have a lot of interaction with the end users.</li><li>Typically, online systems, web interfaces have a very high amount of interaction with end users, are best suited for Prototype model. It might take a while for a system to be built that allows ease of use and needs minimal training for the end user.</li><li>Prototyping ensures that the end users constantly work with the system and provide a feedback which is incorporated in the prototype to result in a useable system. They are excellent for designing good human computer interface systems.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="http://tryqa.com/what-is-prototype-model-advantages-disadvantages-and-when-to-use-it/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="When should prototyping be used? Interview Questions Source To Answer">tryqa.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 30. What are the essentials of successful prototyping?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Prototypes are at their best, when they are seen as a tool for tinkering. When using them as the standard method for visualizing possible solutions to a problem, they let you discover ideas that you wouldn't have come to mind when working solely on isolated application states.There are three essentials of successful prototyping:</p><ul><li><strong>Speed is everything</strong>. In order not to fall for the temptation of seeing whatever first comes out of the prototyping process as the ideal solution, you need to get comfortable with throwing away your work;</li><li><strong>Keep it small</strong>. It is often easier to create a series of small feature prototypes than one big demo;</li><li><strong>It's not for production</strong>. Trying to force the code into that system results in lots of workarounds that wouldn't even be needed when not starting from prototype code.Your code should be at least written nicely enough so that you still understand it the next day.
.</li></ul></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="http://philippsackl.com/3-essentials-of-successful-prototyping/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the essentials of successful prototyping? Interview Questions Source To Answer">philippsackl.com</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 31. What are the disadvantages of rapid prototyping?</h2></div> <div><h3>Answer:</h3> <div class="answer"><div><div><div class="AnswerBody"><p>Fast prototyping is a course of whereby a working mannequin or prototype is developed for the aim of testing the assorted product options like design, concepts, options, performance, efficiency and output. This strategy of improvement of working mannequin is kind of fast. The person can provide an early suggestions relating to the prototype. Fast prototyping is, usually, a major and important a part of the system designing course of and it’s believed to lower the venture value and danger.</p><p>Disadvantages of fast prototyping: Some individuals are of the opinion that fast prototyping isn’t efficient as a result of, in precise, it fails in replication of the true product or system. It might so occur that some essential developmental steps may very well be omitted to get a fast and low-cost working mannequin. This may be one of many biggest disadvantages of fast prototyping. One other drawback of fast prototyping is one through which many issues are ignored leading to limitless rectifications and revisions. Another drawback of fast prototyping is that it is probably not appropriate for big sized functions.</p></div></div><div class="row my-2"><div><span><i>Source:</i>&nbsp;<span><a href="https://wordherd.io/prototype-disadvantages-and-rapid-prototyping-disadvantages/" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank" title="What are the disadvantages of rapid prototyping? Interview Questions Source To Answer">wordherd.io</a></span></span>&nbsp; &nbsp;</div></div></div></div></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 32. What is Industrial Design?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 33. Name some goals of UX Design</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 34. Name fundamental principles of design</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 35. What does the term "design-thinking" mean to you?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 36. How do you create a research methodology?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 37. What are the 5 steps in the research process?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 38. How do you present user research findings?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 39. How do you analyze usability results?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 40. Why usability is so important?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 41. What product is considered as a usability design?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 42. How do you write a usability test report?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 43. What are the disadvantages of Prototype model?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 44. What is mobile app prototyping?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 45. What is the effect of designing a prototype on the overall cost of the project?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 46. Why use mockups?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 47. What are prototyping tools?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 48. Name a main difference Between UX And UI Design</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 49. Why is UX research important?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 50. What are usability factors?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 51. What is the difference between usability testing vs functional testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 52. How do you perform usability testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 53. What is remote usability testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 54. What are the objectives of testing a prototype?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 55. What are the good reasons designers should build more prototypes?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 56. What do designers learn from making a prototype</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 57. How would you conducting user research when time and money are tight?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 58. How do you do user study for maximum value?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 59. How do you showcasing the data?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 60. What are user research tools do you use?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 61. How many participants are needed for usability testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 62. What are the benefits of usability testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 63. What are the 10 usability principles for user interface design?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 64. What criteria are used to measure usability?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 65. What are the different types of usability testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 66. What is the difference between waterfall model and prototype model?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 67. What is mockup?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 68. What is prototype testing?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 69. What to consider when deciding on your wireframing process?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 70. How to make your wireframe in six steps?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 71. What is UI prototype?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 72. How do you make a prototype for a mobile app and leave a lasting impression on investors?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 73. What are the benefits of prototyping your App?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 74. What is the difference between a pilot and a prototype?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div><div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="unit"><div><h2>🔹 75. What is a wireframe, and why do UX designers use them?</h2></div> <div>
    👉🏼 Check
    <a href="https://devinterview.io/dev/uxDesign-interview-questions">all 75 answers</a></div> <br><br></div> <div data-v-5e9078c0="" class="end"></div> <br data-v-5e9078c0="">
    Thanks 🙌 for reading and good luck on your next tech interview!
    <br data-v-5e9078c0="">
    Explore 3800+ dev interview question here 👉
    <a data-v-5e9078c0="" href="https://devinterview.io/">Devinterview.io</a></div>
